Come back soon come back
You told me about late autumn
What are you in a hurry?
The one who should be in a hurry is the fucking Su Group
You suffered so much grievances in the Su family before
It can't be so easy to forget, it's just
You see
But I'm from the Su family after all.
Hey, you think of yourself as a member of the Su family.
People don't necessarily think so
Okay, what about this?
You listen to me.
They still have to come.
God, you stinky beggar
You deserve a green strawberry on your head
How dare you shake my face
Cold and vulgar
I'm begging you.
Still don't agree
What? Where have you been? I found you now
Where did you die?
I've been outside
Manage the relationship with Sun Group
Grandpa called me and said I don't need you
Let me come and find you
It's all your fault that I was humiliated by Xiao Chen
Su Wanqiu laughed and broke up
18 Don't be angry
No, I'll call my grandfather
Let him come and solve this matter
Grandpa can't know about this.
If only he knew
Will definitely be disappointed in me
How can I inherit the Su family then?
Now what?
That Su Wanqiu
Obviously trying to embarrass you
I suddenly thought of someone
Someone I haven't seen in a long time
Su Wanqiu and that stinky beggar
Your good days are coming to an end